Fixed line nodes (#96)
penpot/penpot-exporter-figma-plugin: .changeset/new-spiders-travel.md

---
"penpot-exporter": patch
---

> Fixed line node to work in every scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed line node export when using opacity 0 on the line
```
